fix typos, improve language (#32)
hanami/guides: content/validations/advanced-usage.md

Here's a practical example: a job board.
We want to validate the form of the job creation with some mandatory fields: `type` (full time, part-time, contract), `title` (eg. Developer), `description`, `company` (just the name) and a `website` (which is optional).

> A user must specify the location: on-site or remote. If it's on site, they must specify the `location`, otherwise they have to tick the checkbox for `remote`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user must specify the location: on-site or remote. If it is on-site, they must specify the `location`, otherwise they have to tick the checkbox for `remote`.
```
